Adding the initialization of an untreated SBP and LDL-C value (#994)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/concept_models/vivarium_us_cvd/concept_model.rst

    - Burn in period will allow the distribution of follow-up appointments to reach equilibrium prior to time start 

Creation of "Untreated" SBP Values on Initializaiton
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
GBD values for SBP which are used in this sim reflect the US distribution of SBP **including** medication benefits. 
Therefore, by later applying treatment benefits to certain simulants, we are double counting the population level 

> benefit of treatment. To avoid this, we must add SBP at initialization to create an "untreated" SBP level. 

Reviewer: Nit: I know this is already merged, but it might be clearer to say "To avoid this, we must add SBP to all adherent simulants on medication upon initialization in order to create an "untreated" baseline SBP level."

To do this, we will add a percent increase in SBP to all simulants who are assigned SBP medication at 
initialization **AND** are adherent. The section below includes details on who will receive medication. 

> In itialization simulants are also assigned to one drug or two drugs. Based on this assignment, a percent increase 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In initialization simulants are also assigned to one drug or two drugs. Based on this assignment, a percent increase 
```

in SBP level will be given to each. The percent increase **only applies to adherent simulants**.

.. list-table:: Percent Increase in SBP 
  :widths: 10 10 
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Medication Assigned 
    - Percent Increase in SBP  
  * - One Drug  
    - 5.1% 
  * - Two Drugs  
    - 12%  

.. list-table:: Example Implementation for Simulants 
  :widths: 10 10 5 5 5 10 
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Simulant 
    - Raw SBP (from GBD)
    - Treatment?   
    - Type of treatment? 
    - Adherent? 
    - Untreated SBP 
  * - 1
    - 140 
    - Yes   
    - Two drugs 
    - Adherent 
    - 140 * 1.12 = 156.8 
  * - 2
    - 130
    - No    
    - N/A 
    - N/A
    - 130 
  * - 3 
    - 150 
    - Yes   
    - One drug 
    - Not adherent  
    - 150 (does not change due to nonadherence) 

As simulants move age categories and change SBP, the **same percent increase in SBP** from initialization 

> will be applied. For the example above, if this simulant above ages into a new category and their raw SBP 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will be applied. If simulant 1 in the table above ages into a new category and their raw SBP 
```

is now 145, their untreated SBP will be 145 * 1.12 = 162.4 regardless of their current treatment category.  

Sources: NHANES Data for Medication Initialization; [An_2021]_; [Law_2009]_ 

Creation of "Untreated" LDL-C Values on Initializaiton
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Similar to SBP, GBD values for LDL-C reflect the US distribution of LDL-C **including** medication benefits. 
Therefore, we again add LDL-C at initialization to create an "untreated" LDL-C level. To do this, we will 
add a percent increase in LDL-C  to all simulants who are assigned medication at initialization. 

> In itialization simulants are also assigned to a statin intensity level. Based on this assignment, a percent 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In initialization simulants are also assigned to a statin intensity level. Based on this assignment, a percent 
```

increase in LDL-C level will be given to each. 

.. list-table:: Percent Increase in LDL-C 
  :widths: 10 10 
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Medication Assigned 
    - Percent Increase  
  * - Low Intensity
    - 24.67% 
  * - Medium Intensity
    - 36.2% 
  * - High Intensity
    - 51.25% 

.. list-table:: Example Implementation for Simulants 
  :widths: 10 10 5 5 5 10 
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Simulant 
    - Raw LDL-C (from GBD)
    - Treatment?   
    - Type of treatment? 
    - Adherent? 
    - Untreated LDL-C
  * - 1
    - 2
    - Yes   
    - Medium Intensity 
    - Adherent 
    - 2 * 1.362 = 2.724 
  * - 2
    - 1.9
    - No    
    - N/A 
    - N/A
    - 1.9 
  * - 3 
    - 2.3 
    - Yes   
    - High Intensity  
    - Not adherent  
    - 2.3 (does not change due to nonadherence) 

As simulants move age categories and change LDL-C, the **same percent increase in LDL-C** from initialization 

> will be applied. For the example above, if this simulant above ages into a new category and their raw LDL-C 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will be applied. If simulant 1 in the table above ages into a new category and their raw LDL-C 
```

    - Burn in period will allow the distribution of follow-up appointments to reach equilibrium prior to time start 

Creation of "Untreated" SBP Values on Initializaiton
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
GBD values for SBP which are used in this sim reflect the US distribution of SBP **including** medication benefits. 
Therefore, by later applying treatment benefits to certain simulants, we are double counting the population level 
benefit of treatment. To avoid this, we must add SBP at initialization to create an "untreated" SBP level. 

> To do this, we will add a percent increase in SBP to all simulants who are assigned SBP medication at 

Reviewer 3: percent increase or absolute increase? i was expecting absolute, but will read more and find out if it is really percent.

initialization. The section below includes details on who will receive medication. 

In itialization simulants are also assigned to one drug or two drugs. Based on this assignment, a percent increase 
in SBP level will be given to each. 

.. list-table:: Percent Increase in SBP 
  :widths: 10 10 
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Medication Assigned 

>     - Percent Decrease 

Reviewer 3: It might be possible to be clearer about the way this medications percent decrease should be used to calculate the untreated value: `untreated * (1 - 0.051) = treated` right?

Author: Yes, I agree. I will adjust the language a bit to make the math more clear.

  * - One Drug  
    - 5.1% 
  * - Two Drugs  

>     - 12%  

Reviewer 4: I think it would be good to add references here! and in the table below as well. I also agree with Abie that there should be more detail on how to do the "baseline calibration." Some documented examples include the [zinc supplementation](https://vivarium-research.readthedocs.io/en/latest/intervention_models/zinc_supplementation/index.html) and [antenatal supplementation](https://vivarium-research.readthedocs.io/en/latest/intervention_models/maternal_supplementation/index.html) interventions. Let me know if you'd like to chat about it at all!

Reviewer 4: Just noting that Syl and I met to discuss and she filled me in that this modeling strategy will take a different approach than the typical [baseline calibration](https://vivarium-research.readthedocs.io/en/latest/model_design/concept_model/baseline_coverage/index.html) approach because the barrier to doing so is high and the limitations of doing so are acceptable for the project and will add some more explanation to the docs to make this more clear!

Reviewer 2: Nit: it would be nice to have the reference actually in the table, so you can see at a glance which source each number came from.
